---
id: meetings-2022-12-13  
title: "2022-12-13"
slug: /meetings/2022-12-13
---
# Open Source Maintainers Meeting 2022-12-13


<iframe width="100%" height="444" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/6fpRXnElR9s" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Links
* **recording:** [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fpRXnElR9s)
* **Github issue:** [#11](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/11)
* **Minutes Google Doc:** [Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vasPDzesFxTe4LHgu5MTV9qSdriAN4zmmjSYDI1Bgb8/edit?usp=sharing)


## Present
__Use github alias__
* Admins team: @onebeyond/admins
* Maintainers team: @onebeyond/maintainers
* Ulises Gascón: @ulisesgascon
* Iñigo Marquinez: @inigomarquinez
* Carlos Jimenez: @betisman
* Carlos Serrano: @carpasse
* Javier G. Leal: @jgleal
* Cesar Demicheli: @CesarD

## Announcements

## Agenda

### Define Org teams in Github
- [See #5](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/5)
- We created the organic teams (admins, maintainers, triage..)
- We created the first specific teams and “Pills team” will be removed
- We will create teams when is needed.
- Ulises will provide a clear documentation on how to manage the teams and the relationship with the repos.

### Define migration strategy and start the process
- [See #6](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/6)
- More than 25 repositories were already migrated from Guidesmiths Org
Jaystack can start the migration at any moment. Ulises will provide support to Peter Z. and Peter N. in January.
- Possible second round to migrate more repositories outside of the current backlog

### Define contribution policies
- [See #4](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/4)
- We agreed in the need to separate the open source communication and create a Public (by invitation) Slack that can help us to community with the community and the include automation.  
- Iñigo will ask for the new Slack (One Beyond Open Source)

### Repo template as baseline
- [See #1](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/1)
- CoC added waiting for a clear contact form (Open Source Slack)
- Github actions added
- Settings like protecting branched are not properly copied from the template to the new repository. This will require additional research (Create an issue to track, Ulises lead) 
- Possibility to use metafiles for license, contributing.md. To centralize this information in a single point (Ulises will lead it)


### Define License policies
- [See #3](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/3)
- We should use MIT licenses for all the repos (currently and in the future).


## Q&A, Other

- Great Resource: [opensource.guide](https://opensource.guide)
- Open Source metrics
    - We can start the discussion in the next meeting.
- Roadmap definition
    - There is a need to manage a roadmap for some projects
    - We are not in a stage to define how this will be defined as organization process, so we are not taking any decision now.


## Upcoming Meetings

- Next week, same day and hour