---
sidebar_position: 1
id: meetings-2022-11-22  
title: "2022-11-22"
slug: /meetings/2022-11-22
---

# One Beyond Open Source Admins Meeting 2022-11-22  

## Links
* **recording:** Not available
* **Github issue:** [#7](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/7)
* **Minutes Google Doc:** [Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1G9WARn06QEKIUfqoRky_mSO-yuoswgU5HmYWKEBTReQ/edit)


## Present
__Use github alias__
* Admins team: @onebeyond/admins
* Maintainers team: @onebeyond/maintainers
* Ulises Gascon: @ulisesGascon
* Íñigo Marquínez: @inigomarquinez
* Daniel Alarcón @w3dani
* Javier G. Leal @jgleal

## Announcements

## Agenda

### Governance & Meeting Schedule
- [See #2](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/2)
- Keep same hour day (15:00 - 15:30) once per week (tuesday) for now
- We will record next session in video and upload it

### Define Org teams in Github
- [See #5](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/5)
- Crate admins team `@onebeyond/admins` with super powers over the other teams and all the repositories
- Create maintainers team `@onebeyond/maintainers` and include the One Beyond Architects with Admin access level to all the repositories
- Add Stephen Cresswell (cressie176) to all the relevant projects with the same access as today.
- Create a triage team `@onebeyond/triage` with write access to all the repos without members for now
- Team creation and invitations will be send by Ulises

### Define migration strategy and start the process
- [See #6](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/6)
- Start the migration this week with less impact projects (lead by Ulises)
- Provide an overview of the progress and estimations in next meeting if possible

### Define contribution policies
- [See #4](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/4)
- We agree on the need for a solid `CONTRIBUTING.md`, following [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct/) or valid alternative.
- Need to create an email to address contribution questions, etc. In general lines emails are not very efficient for the maintainers team so we decided to follow/implement an automation that notifies Slack directly to avoid the need to monitoring (lead by Daniel Alarcon)	

### Repo template as baseline
- [See #1](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/1)
- Initiative (lead by Iñigo)
- We agreed on the need to create a repo template with all the items suggested by Iñigo and agreed by the maintainers (CoC, Licence, Linter, etc..)

### Define License policies
- [See #3](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/3)
- We will check the final license to use as organization in the near future (lead by Iñigo)
- There is a need to review that the current repos have the correct license in the repo and in NPM, package.json avoiding misleading information between MIT and ISC.


## Q&A, Other

- We might archive old repositories once the migration is concluded.
- We need to define an Eslint or prettier in common for the projects / architectures in place to offer a normalization.
- We agreed on the need to create solid and automatic changelog
- We agreed on the need to start coordinating the participation from other teams in our organization and external stakeholders.

## Upcoming Meetings
N/A