---
sidebar_position: 4
id: meetings-2023-01-24  
title: "2023-01-24"
slug: /meetings/2023-01-24
---


# One Beyond Open Source Admins Meeting 2023-01-24  

## Links
* **recording:** Available in [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwLAd_C6TzI)
* **Github issue:** [#31](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/31)
* **Minutes Google Doc:** 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/15SXIrovYyQjHcaQ-U0UjyxRqF_yc6RtNY03RATsFEpA/edit?usp=sharing

## Present
__Use github alias__
* Admins team: @onebeyond/admins
* Maintainers team: @onebeyond/maintainers
* Ulises Gascon: @ulisesGascon
* Íñigo Marquínez Prado: @inigomarquinez

## Announcements

- New Slack dedicated to Open Source!
- Great support inside the org (Pool results). Should we stream the meeting live?

## Agenda


### Repo template as baseline [#1](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/1)
- Added CoC at [the organization level](https://github.com/onebeyond/.github/blob/main/docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
- Other [health files](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/creating-a-default-community-health-file#supported-file-types) in progress 
- We might want to include some Security basic with sample pipelines like [OpenSSF scorecard](https://securityscorecards.dev/)

### Prototype Pollution in JSON5 via Parse Method [#21](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/21)
- Ulises doesn't have time, so Iñigo will lead the initiative
- Let's take into account if that vulnerability affects us (directly at all)


### Recover bot account [#22](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/22)
- Ulises is leading the initiative
- Currently NPM is the major challenge
- Github and inbox were fully recovered already

### Create a secrets management repository [#30](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/30)
- Ulises leading the initiative. 
- Ulises will create a POC repo and prepare a demo to the team, then we will decide if we adopt it

### Repos with NPM version mismatch [#29](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/29)
- Mismatch due to manual releases in the past. Still patching them
- Open for collaboration (please comment in the issue if you are interested)

### Missing NPM Package publication permissions [#28](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/28)
- Contact people in charge of those repos
- Open for collaboration (please comment in the issue if you are interested)

### Unify licenses in Repositories [#27](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/27)
- Ulises has been reviewing the licenses in all the repositories and most of them have been patched, but he needs to re-patch to include the license periods for different authors

### Initiatives for 2023 [#20](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/20)

- We need to involve more people (let's make some noise in Slack)
- New initiative: Deprecating some packages that nobody uses?
- New initiative: Integrate changes made in forks from some clients and integrate them in the meetings too.

## Q&A, Other
- Let's finish what we're working on before starting new things
- Change meetings frequency to every 2 weeks, and updates by slack

## Upcoming Meetings

- In two weeks!
