---
sidebar_position: 5
id: meetings-2023-02-09  
title: "2023-02-09"
slug: /meetings/2023-02-09
---


# Open Source Maintainers Meeting 2023-02-09  


<iframe width="100%" height="444" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/zVZkegPby7o" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Links
* **recording:** [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVZkegPby7o)
* **Github issue:** [#44](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/44)
* **Minutes Google Doc:** [Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18Aw7Zo3No6NAWuzZgv1C6V3cuNLQOfiHZcYBHsKiUoU/edit?usp=sharing) 


## Present
__Use github alias__
* Admins team: @onebeyond/admins
* Maintainers team: @onebeyond/maintainers
* Ulises Gascon: @ulisesGascon
* √ç√±igo Marqu√≠nez Prado: @inigomarquinez

## Announcements

- We are streaming on Youtube!
- Changed repo name from admin to maintainers
- Rollback to the previous logo

## Agenda


### Repo template as baseline
- [See #1](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/1)
- New metafile had been added `SECURITY.md` 

### Prototype Pollution in JSON5 via Parse Method 
- [See #21](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/21)
- No progress on this. 
- Not very urgent as it's low risk


### Create a secrets management repository 
- [See #30](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/30)
- Created a private repo by Ulises in the other organization


### Repos with NPM version mismatch 
- [See #29](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/29)
- Serrano solved one üéâ
- Ulises and √ç√±igo working on some others
- Potential deprecation of some packages (7 years without maintenance)


### Missing NPM Package publication permissions 
- [See #28](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/28)
- Pending to contact current owners of some npm packages to be able to deprecate them (anyway we can publish new releases in onebeyond org)

### Unify licenses in Repositories 
- [See #27](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/27)
- PRs are still pending

### OpenSSF Scorecard implementation 
- [See #41](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/41)
- Not a fantastic score right now.
- Detailed issue explaining the topic with actionable items (lead by Ulises)
- We made some testing with systemic-knex scoring, there is an issue to sign the projects (https://github.com/ossf/scorecard/issues/2639)
- This checks will cover many topics as Code reviews, enforcing rules, etc...

### Initiatives for 2023 
- [See #20](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/20)
- Start the discussion asynchorniuasly


## Q&A, Other

- Ulises will love to have a separate discussion for Systemic Ecosystem
  - table with compatibilities (systemic version - nodejs version - wrapped tool version)
- Carlos will love to propose the creations of an engineering guidelines for open source projects
  - CONTRIBUTING.md + separate document + include in baseline repo
- Betis started a discussion about open sourcing internal products like mood tool, gratitude, project review tool... (Ulises will check internally) 

## Upcoming Meetings

- In two weeks!
