---
sidebar_position: 8
id: meetings-2023-04-20
title: "2023-04-20"
slug: /meetings/2023-04-20
---

# One Beyond Open Source Maintainers Meeting 2023-04-20  


<iframe width="100%" height="444" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/BOVdAWNd_s4" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Links
* **recording:** [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOVdAWNd_s4)
* **Github issue:** [#69](https://github.com/onebeyond/maintainers/issues/69)
* **Minutes Google Doc:** [Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13SMENJVT4-ewnr60WXntlchOMNSydaGWTzDmVHKUMGM/edit)


## Present
__Use github alias__
* Admins team: @onebeyond/admins
* Maintainers team: @onebeyond/maintainers
* Ulises Gascon: @ulisesgascon
* Íñigo Marquínez Prado: @inigomarquinez
* Carlos Serrano: @carpase


## Announcements

- We are in the [Scorecard StepSecurity Dashboard Beta](https://github.com/step-security/secure-repo/issues/2094#issuecomment-1513873406).
    - [Dashboard for Guidesmiths Org](https://app.stepsecurity.io/github/app/onebeyond/guidesmiths/repositories)
    - [Dashboard for OneBeyond Org](https://app.stepsecurity.io/github/app/onebeyond/onebeyond/repositories)

- [Socket.dev](https://socket.dev/) has been added to the maintainers repo and others. [Report example](https://github.com/onebeyond/maintainers/pull/68#issuecomment-1507269947)
- Published the last release for onebeyond/systemic-knex with the new provenance system in NPM. [See](https://twitter.com/kom_256/status/1648990100485726209)


## Review Scorecard results

- Little organic downgrades in the scores

## Agenda

### GitHub new features (Roadmap and tasklist)
- [See #65](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/65)
- We will try this approach with cuckoojs and shieldjs
- We will decide in the future if this approach can be adopted by other projects in the organization once the example roadmaps can be evaluated
- We will need to document this process

### Scheduled reminders 
- [See #59](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/59)
- Removed from agenda but keep it in the radar so we can add it at least for most used repositories

### FEATURE: Release drafter
- [See #58](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/58)
- We will be using [release-please](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please)
- @Carpase will use the project systemic-knex or license-checker to show how release-please can be integrate in a simple project

### BUG: Restore nuget CI publicacion for Monaco 
- [See #56](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/56)
- Removed from agenda
- @UlisesGascon will take a look with IT team

### Verifying or approving a domain for our organization 
- [See #51](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/51)
- Removed from agenda
- @UlisesGascon will take a look with IT team


### Checklist for existing and new repositories
- [See #42](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/42)
- @inigomarquinez is working on it

### OpenSSF Scorecard implementation
- [See #41](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/41)
- A lot of things can be done automatically, but first we need to prioritize projects and then start fixing problems reported by the scorecard.
- @UlisesGascon is leading the initiative
- @UlisesGascon will upgrade the reporting tool soon  with a new visualizer that solve some of the current problems
- Once the categorization is clear we can start working on adding an automation to maintain and submit the [OpenSSF Best Practices Badge Program](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/en)

### Metafiles Definiton 
- [See#15](https://github.com/onebeyond/admin/issues/15)
- No news. 
- We still need to add CONTRIBUTING and SUPPORT files. 
- A good example is [Angular contribution guideline](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)


## Q&A, Other
- We will create an issue to define tiers for all the projects that we maintain. Then we will start deprecating and archiving old projects. @UlisesGascon will lead the initiative, [see](https://github.com/onebeyond/maintainers/issues/75)
- We will create a Newsletter to make an easier way to follow the changes (releases, news, changes...) from our projects. This will be more like an auto-reporting than a conventional newsletter. @UlisesGascon will lead the initiative and create a specific repository for this.
- @UlisesGascon will migrate [the Cybersecurity Handbook](https://github.com/guidesmiths/cybersecurity-handbook) to the One Beyond Org and refresh the content
- We will need to add the Maintainers/codeowners into the Readme and codeowners in each project. @UlisesGascon will create an issue for this


## Upcoming Meetings

- As it’s "Puente de Mayo", next meeting will be in one month (18th May 2023)

